Everybody, this is Chuck.
I'm here in Hawaii at
the Lava Lava Beach Club.
I've spent a week here,
I gave a keynote speech but
I spent more of my time working on
the assignments for course number three.
Welcome to course number three.
You'll see that the assignments in course
number three are a little bit different
than all the rest of the assignments
in course number one and number two.
We want you to really
treat them as a puzzle.
Don't try to just finish them.
We give you a very unfinished code,
or code that's barely related and
we want you to construct them, because
that's, the real skill of programming is
to be able to face a problem, a puzzle and
puzzle your way through upon thinking it.
So don't feel like you gotta like
slap this and just get her done.
The process is more
important than the results.
So again welcome to course number three.